[pods] Finalize the replaced pods (#1766)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: keps/976-plain-pods/README.md

In the Pod-group reconciler:
1. If the Pod is not terminated and doesn't have a deletionTimestamp,
   create a Workload for the pod group if one does not exist.
2. Remove Pod finalizers if:
  - The Pod is terminated and the Workload is finished, has a deletion timestamp or is finished.
  - The Pod Failed and a valid replacement pod was created for it.
3. Build the in-memory Workload. If its podset counters are greater than the stored Workload,
   then evict the Workload.
4. For gated pods:
   - remove the gate, set nodeSelector
5. If the number of succeeded pods is equal to the admission count, mark the Workload as Finished
   and remove the finalizers from the Pods.

### Retrying Failed Pods

The Pod group will generally only be considered finished if all the Pods finish with a Succeeded
phase.
This allows the user to send replacement Pods when a Pod in the group fails or if the group is
preempted. The replacement Pods can have any name, but they must point to the same pod group.

> Once the replacement Pod is created the old one will be completely removed.

Reviewer: Without reading the implementation, I think this might be less code and easier to maintain (because we don't exactly know which pod is being replaced):

```suggestion
Once a replacement Pod is created, and Kueue has added it as an owner of the Workload,
 any Failed pods will be deleted.
```

> Once the replacement Pod is created the old one will be completely removed.

Reviewer: Without reading the implementation, I think this might be less code and easier to maintain (because we don't exactly know which pod is being replaced):

```suggestion
Once a replacement Pod is created, and Kueue has added it as an owner of the Workload,
 any Failed pods will be deleted.
```
